[yawn]
Didn't get enough sleep?
Guess it's pretty obvious.
No, I couldn't sleep
at all last night.
I thought for sure you'd
have some kind of charm
to help you sleep.
It's not that I don't
have one, it's just...
[Nagisa] "A charm to
help you sleep well...
Sleep on someone's lap.
If you do this, you'll be able
to have a peaceful nap."
I see.
That isn't much
of a charm, is it?
Either way, I bet it would
solve your sleeping problems.
[laugh]
When I couldn't sleep before,
I used to have my brother help
me out with the charm.
But now that I'm older,
it's a bit awkward.
Oh, wait!
I just thought of something!
Since your brother
isn't around,
why don't you sleep on
Tomoya's lap, instead?
Perfect, right?
[Tomoya] What?!
Um... it's probably
better if I don't.
I'd feel like I was
imposing too much.
[laugh]
Oh no, don't worry about it.
Come on.
Since you were
kind enough to offer,
it wouldn't hurt to
borrow him for a bit.
[awkward sigh]
Okay, here I go.
Uh... sure.
Ah... That feels
so nice...
Wow.
I guess the charm worked.
She fell right asleep.
I know this was your idea and
all, but doesn't it bother you?
If you want me to be honest,
I'm a little jealous, sure.
But really, I'm just
glad she's resting.
I bet yesterday
wore her out.
On top of that,
she's probably stressed out
from all the fighting her
friends have been doing lately.
Woohoo! Is Yukine here?
I hope she's making
more pilaf today!
[cheering]
[screaming]
[groaning]
Shh! Quiet!
Huh? Ah!
Kazuto... Kazuto...
[giggle]
Sorry, I was completely passed
out before I even realized it!
Ah, don't worry about it.
I don't mind.
Next time, why don't you
sleep on my lap instead?
Now remind me,
why are you here, again?
I want to see Yukine again,
you got a problem with that?
-[both growling]
-[window opens]
Big Sis!
Sudou, what's wrong?!
[pained grunt]
[Yukine] Oh no... they still
think Sunohara is my brother?
[Sudou] Afraid so.
And since they saw him
running around,
that means they think
Kazuto's out of the hospital.
In other words, they're scared
outta their minds.
We've been fighting back and
forth for a while,
but they probably think Kazuto's
gonna finish 'em off.
They've been trying to bring as
much pain as they can
before that happens.
It wasn't supposed
to go down like this!
[Nagisa] But this is just
a misunderstanding!
That's right, it wasn't even
Sunohara who beat them up...
-...it was Tomoyo.
-[Tomoyo] Miyazawa.
We need to talk
about yesterday.
Oh crap!
See you later, Big Sis!
Ah! Sudou, wait!
It looks like I came at the
right time. How convenient.
[worried sigh]
[Tomoyo] You just can't seem
to keep yourself out
of trouble, can you?
Not like we wanted to get
wrapped up in this mess...
You're one to talk.
If you hadn't pretended
to be Kazuto Miyazawa,
none of this would've
happened in the first place.
Kazuto Miyazawa?
Is that what this is about?
I used to hear rumors about
him all the time
back in my street fighting days.
I never actually met him,
but people said he
was the only person
who could take me
in a one-on-one fight.
Better not to test that one.
That's funny, people used to
tell my brother
that you were the only person
who could beat him.
Listen, I know you mean well,
so I won't mention any of
this to the school board.
However...
However?
I had the opportunity to speak
with the student council
from a school on the
other side of town.
They said they've been dealing
with a lot of
gang violence lately.
Frankly, if the situation
has gotten this bad,
it's only a matter of time
before the police get involved.
If I were you, I would stop all
this silly fighting
and resolve your differences
while you still can.
If you don't, then both sides
are going to suffer.
[pained groans]
Damn it! I'm gonna make those
punks pay for what they did!
We gotta fight like
a team this time!
That's right! Let's murder 'em!
-[cheers]
-Yeah! All right!
Miyazawa, I hate to ask this,
but when is your brother gonna
be released from the hospital?
[Nagisa] If Kazuto told
them to stop fighting,
they'd listen, right?
[troubled sigh]
Hold on, where are you going?!
I'm going to talk to the other
gang! It's our only choice!
Miyazawa, no!
Stay here, I'll be right back.
Come back! Miyazawa!
Please think this over.
You can't accomplish anything
by talking to those guys!
If I talk to them,
we might be able to reach
some sort of agreement.
They know me well enough.
It's not like I'm their enemy.
What about your brother?
Does he even know what's
going on right now?
Sure he's in the hospital,
but he can still reason
with his gang
over the phone, can't he?
Yeah, I get what you're saying.
If we all end up in the slammer,
our turf ain't gonna
mean a damned thing.
It's only a matter of time.
People are starting to take
notice of the fighting
on both sides of the river.
Ain't no way we're
gonna pull back now!
Now that Kazuto Miyazawa's
back on the scene,
we gotta finish them
before they finish us!
But this is all a
misunderstanding...
A misunderstanding?
Shoulda told that
to your brother
before he cleaned the frikkin'
pavement with our faces!
We told you
that was Tomoyo Sa-
Sorry, Yukine. We ain't
got nothing against you,
but you can't tell us
not to fight those guys!
We got our asses handed
to us out there!
Now you just expect us to roll
over and put up with it?!
Cool it, guys,
that's enough.
This is war!
This ain't gonna stop 'til
one of us is finished!
It's a fight to the death!
[cheers in agreement]
When I tell you to cool it,
you shut your mouth!
[mumbling]
You guys are being rude
to our guests.
Yukine...
even after I got in a fight
with your friends...
you still took care of me.
I won't forget that.
I won't forget the
kindness you showed...
or the taste
of your pilaf.
Dude, you kidding me?
He's had those bandages
on for a month now...
What can I say?
Sasaki's a real sucker
for girls who can cook...
You say something?
No! Nothing at all!
But look, I know
how these guys feel
and there's no way we can
let this end without a fight.
So, I got an idea.
How bout we have our leaders
fight in a duel, one-on-one?
One-on-one?
A duel between me
and your brother.
Last man standing
is the winner.
The loser gives in,
and the gang war stops.
That's as far as
I'm willing to compromise.
[troubled sigh]
What?! You mean you
actually agreed to that?!
That's no good, Sis! You can't
make these kind of decisions
without letting us know!
I'm sorry... but it was
the only I thing I could do.
It'll happen
tomorrow at sunset.
By the river.
But it ain't like Kazuto
can fight for us.
Somebody else is gonna have
to take his place.
I guess you're right, but are
they gonna be happy with that?
Hey, guys, They still think
Sunohara is Kazuto, right?
Why don't you have him
go fight for you instead?
Hm?
Huh?!
Why didn't I think of that?!
Are you kidding?!
Tajima, hold on!
That was all a mistake!
Sunohara has nothing
to do with this!
This would be a piece of cake
for you, right?
Just earlier you were
bragging about how you beat up
four guys from that rival
gang all by yourself!
All four by himself?!
And here I thought you were
just some little twerp.
Sorry for choking you
so much, pal!
I guess that goes to show,
you shouldn't judge a book
by its cover.
He's really something else,
isn't he?
W-wow, thanks,
you guys, but...
We're counting on you, Big Bro!
Please, you gotta lend
us your strength!
First things first,
could you get me a refill?
[Nagisa] Sunohara,
are you sure
you want to go through
with this?
There has to be another way!
Having a fight
to stop people from fighting
just doesn't make any sense!
[Yukine] I'm sorry...
Even though
we're fighting them,
Sasaki and his gang
aren't bad people.
But when there are two different
gangs in a small town like this,
it's inevitable that they're
going to fight.
Neither side will be happy
until this grudge
is finally settled...
And until that day comes,
I don't believe this town
can truly be happy, either.
It just doesn't seem fair.
They aren't bad people.
How did it come to this?
[chuckling] Guess this stuff
is pretty hardcore, huh?
Hey! We gonna do this or what?
Wait 'til Sasaki gets here!
I think my heart's
about to explode.
Sunohara, why don't you eat
something while you're waiting?
A little snack might
help calm your nerves.
Here, this is a little something
my mom made just for you.
From Sanae, you say?!
I told her you had a an
important battle to fight today,
so she made a special
recipe just for you.
Her newest creation...
The "Hyper Rainbow Bread!
Whoa!
Oh, and my dad had
a message for you.
He said, "You gotta feel the
rainbow deep in your heart."
Not only that, a friend of mine
made some of her "ultimate jam"
to share with you, too.
If you spread some of this
ultimate jam
on the hyper rainbow bread,
you'll be invincible!
Satisfaction guaranteed!
Now don't be shy, there's
plenty to go around!
Oh, really?
You don't mind?
Great! I'd love to try it!
To victory!
[groaning]
What's wrong?
You don't like the bread?!
Don't give up on us now!
[Sasaki]
Sorry to keep you waiting!
Oh, damn!
What are we going to do now?
The whole gang's out cold!
I'll do it.
-Tomoya, no!
-You sure about this?
[Tomoya] No time
for second thoughts!
Take care of Sunohara for me!
Okazaki, wait!
And who the hell are you?
There's been a little
misunderstanding.
That blonde guy over there
isn't really Kazuto Miyazawa.
Sorry, but it looks like
I'm the best they could get.
Huh?
It's no good. If we don't
have the real Kazuto,
there's no way we can win this!
[Yuu's sister] You have to
call your brother, Yukine!
[Nagisa] She's right!
Even with Tomoya's help,
if Kazuto doesn't show up
and win the duel,
then everyone'll
just keep fighting forever!
[pained grunt]
All right, fine. Just don't
cry when I break your face.
Heh.
I'll give it my best!
[grunting]
All right, Bro!
Tear him up!
-[Nagisa] Tomoya!
-[Yuu] Come on! Don't give up!
There something wrong
with your right shoulder?
A little, yeah. Why don't you
worry about yourself, first?!
You think you're real
tough, don't you?!
[screams]
[grunting]
[yelling]
[inaudible]
[panting]
[grunting]
[labored breathing]
[fighting continues]
[heavy breathing]
Gotta admit, you sure know
how to take a punch...
[groaning]
Forget it. Give it a rest.
Looks like your buddies
are up now.
[groaning]
Sunohara!
Are you okay?
You were out cold!
[Youhei] Okazaki!
Okazaki, what happened?!
Hey, wait a minute!
You mess with Sis' friends,
you mess with us!
Everybody, charge!
[yelling]
Stop it, Sunohara!
They're after Sasaki!
Hold up, Bro!
Stop it! Stay back!
[yelling]
Huh? Hold on! Everybody stop!
[gasp]
[Sudou] K-Kazuto!
-It's really him!
-What's going on?!
That's him!
That's the real Kazuto Miyazawa!
So you snuck out of
the hospital, huh?
You got guts,
just like the rumors say.
I've been waiting for this!
Sorry it's gotta
be this way,
but I'm putting an end
to it for good!
[yelling]
[gasp]
Miyazawa?!
[pained grunts]
It's not over!
Stop it! What the hell
are you doing?!
I won't lose!
I'm Kazuto Miyazawa!
Miyazawa, no!
Let me go! Let me go!
I thought she was up
on the hill with us...
No, she said she was going
to talk to her brother
and took off running
a little while back.
[Sudou crying]
I thought she was just
going to the hospital, but...
Big Sis can't go talk
to her brother...
No matter how bad it gets,
Kazuto can't come save us!
Let me go!
Stop it! Stay out of this!
Come on, that's enough!
Big Sis!
I don't get it;
why's she doing this?
[growling]
What's wrong with you?!
What, are you stupid?!
She wanted to stop you
from fighting!
The only way to stop you
idiots from killing each other
is for Kazuto to show up!
That's why she pretended
to be her brother!
Now do you finally get it?!
[crying]
Why? Why do you have to fight?
What can I do to stop this?
I'll do anything! Anything!
I don't care, just please stop!
Please, I'm begging you.
Can't we finally put
an end to all this?
That's... that's what my
brother would've wanted.
I see, so that's what
this was about.
[Yukine] For the longest time
I was afraid of my brother.
I didn't understand why
he did the things he did.
All of his friends seemed scary
to me as well...
But when I saw Sudou and Tajima
and everyone else
crying at his funeral,
I started to feel
a bit differently.
Why did I shy away
from my brother
instead of trying to understand
the choices he made in life?
To make amends for that,
I gathered my courage and tried
to talk to his friends.
Of course, they all seemed
pretty scary when we first met.
But bit by bit, they let me
into their group and I finally
began to understand
my brother's feelings.
Now, whenever we're together,
I feel like Kazuto is there too.
I can almost see him smiling
alongside all his friends.
Kazuto wanted
the fighting to stop...
until his dying breath
he was opposed to it.
Still, if word got out that
he was dead, Sasaki's gang
might try to take advantage
of that and try to attack us.
We had a long talk and came
to a difficult decision.
We would keep my brother's
death a secret.
My brother's wish was to rid
this town of all the fighting...
Even if I'm not
as strong as him,
I wanted to make that happen.
It's not fair...
[sobbing]
I think... No, I'm sure
Kazuto is happy right now.
Huh?
What's wrong, Tomoya?
You see something?
I feel like I huge weight's
been lifted off my shoulders.
I think I can finally
put my brother to rest
now that I've seen
his final wish come true.
It's all thanks to your help.
Thank you all so much.
There's a famous folklore
story in this town;
perhaps you've heard it?
Folklore, what?
Whenever something
good happens,
or someone achieves
true happiness,
an orb of light appears
in the sky.
No one knows where
the orbs come from...
but what we do know is that
they're a symbol of happiness
born from the kindness
in people's hearts.
Whatever they may be, the legend
says that if you find one,
it'll grant you a wish.
Hey, Tomoya, that's like
what happened with Misae.
Yeah...
Supposedly, they used
to be quite common,
but now people
hardly ever see them.
Yeah, but Okazaki saw
one just the other day.
Perhaps it was a coincidence,
or perhaps there's something
special about him
that we don't know yet.
-What do you mean?
-Like, special in what way?
I can't tell you.
Or rather, I don't know, myself.
[sighing]
But Okazaki is Okazaki...
that's all that matters.
He's a precious friend
I cherish very much.
And you too; I cherish all of
your friendships very dearly.
I'm so grateful to have
this happiness at long last.
I'm so grateful to have these
friends to support me.
So, thank you, Kazuto.
I hope you're watching.
By the way, what are
you planning to do
after you graduate, Tomoya?
[shocked grunt]
You're looking awfully glum
this morning, amigo.
Is your honeymoon period
with Nagisa over already?
The last time Nagisa
ended up missing class,
you were spaced out for weeks.
So I'm just saying you shouldn't
get stressed out over nothing.
Poor guy. I wonder if that took
his mind off of things a bit.
I feel so bad.
Tomoya looked really
depressed, didn't he?